Bianca and Reese you have committed
yourselves to each other through sacred
vows the exchange of rings and you've
honored each other with the gift of
eternal love your lives are now won
through this integrity and truth and the
beloved company of friends and family it
is my honor to pronounce you married
legend holds that the nuptial kiss
unleashes great power in heaven and on
earth we shall now rock the universe you
may each kiss the bride
spark excited thank you
oh man have your attention everyone
I'd like to propose a toast to my
beautiful daughter Bianca it is said
that when a child finds true love a
parent finds true joy well tonight I am
full of joy just to share this moment
with you thank you thank you for letting
me be part of it
I wish your love and happiness and
success as you look toward your future
together
hear hear and I'm sure your sister
wishes you the same I know that Kendall
wanted to be here but just some
emergency came up with she and Zach had
to deal with they promised me it was no
big deal at all they will take care of
it just you know one of those things I
mean of course she's well she's sake
about getting sick and having a boss
ball are you sure that Greenlee
cancelled cuz she was sick why else
would she I don't know but you know what
I sergeant for coming over here she
didn't look sick to me she tore a today
in like a house of fire that was just
the way I dreamed this perfect yeah so
beaut
I'm sorry though that Kendall wasn't
here I know how important it was to you
to have your sister with
don't worry about okay cuz everything's
gonna work out with her squared
excuse me true I tell you beautiful many
of us just as beautiful Stewie donkey
Travis would be so proud of you
thank you I'm just sorry that Greenlee
got sick yeah well me too but Greenlee
Ryan will have their day very soon sure
just a lie to ruin your day okay